
## TODO


UiDataTable
- make columns hideable again
- make download/copy links
- make slot headers two-level names (slot0<br>fieldname) or something
- make hiding slot raw data togleable (by slot?)
- put borders on slot columns to delineate
- add commas to slot values, even when float
- if any decimal, round to max 3 places(?)
  - get rid of 95.47200000000001
- color slot columns something nice




CandidateFilter
- make back-tracing rejected messages easier
  - link back to time? and also its slot number?
    - nav via console is pretty easy if you literally have a handle to the time slot
- what's the diff between bad telemetry and spec? (fix)
  - it's one of these that should get the fieldDefList
    - attach shared codec amongst all ET in the slot
- combine the filterBySpec and filterByBadTelem


WsprSearch
- decode
  - for extended telemetry
    - is there anything to do here?
    - I guess it can look at enumerated types and decode them
    - for UD, what is there to do?
      - literally everything "decodes", so check headers? isn't this for another module?
        - or maybe do exactly this, just do the decode so later modules have it done already?
          - but why not have those modules do it?


DataTableBuilder
- add column builder
  - by the time the table is being built, the codec should be attached to every msg
    - just need to iterate it
  - so you're just adding a "UserDefined" column builder
    - I guess actually, it's by slot, too. so an array of them
      - the way the codec works, no diff in how to iterate between enumerated and UD w/ field def
- probably should be driven by of wsprsearch?
  - like, generated by it (by request?)
  - definitely not something the GUI should be doing





order of operations
- decide candidate filter architecture
  - decide wsprsearch decode functionality for ET
    - maybe it's just preliminary decode? or something
      - I guess for established types it'd be easier
      - well, yeah, can be "decode", or really type ID?
        - may as well do the BT while you're in there? dunno, think about it



what other TODOs are in the code?

Charts
- auto-dual-graph field defs with convertable units (extendable list, but like, ft, miles, etc)
- histogram of user charts
  - possible to just toggle between the two views?




DataTable
- grey out fields eliminated by gpsIsValid
- auto-convert field units for UD and other enumerated types


Field Def
- add copy, clear buttons to field def input
- validate fields exist _and_ have values (eg unit can't be blank)
- validate no spaces in names, no non-a-zA-Z character values in fact
- join unit to field name when displaying analysis
- .setRangeText() to make changes, so ctl-z works properly


General
- make cool diagram of processing to show people


Fingerprinting
- find fingerprinting discrepancies
  - 2024-11-09
    - utc 17:34 old matched, new didn't (and old looks right)
    - utc 17:04 old discard, new kept (and new looks wrong)

General
- add costs page to tracker
  - amortized cost per flight, depending on tracker order quantity, etc
- keep a new post page updated, but not published
  - there's a way to do that right? some draft header status?


charts have a (sticky) option to set the userdefined telemetry to fixed y-axis
- can this be per-graph somehow? aren't there echart controls?
  - serialize in url?



get rid of string.substr() - deprecated
  looks like .substring() is in

why the fuck are charts so slow?
  speed up zoom how?


audit trail sankey

bigtime stats/graphs relating to fingerprinting, etc

charts - fix x-axis when few samples, very crowded

replace regular decoder with codec page
- just a nice redirect
- and drop the link from the main nav


is memory usage exploding? I think maybe I poisoned the current dashboard with a change?

https://traquito.github.io/search/spots/dashboard/?band=20m&channel=60&callsign=VE3KCL&dtGte=2024-03-26&dtLte=


would chart resize work better if
- the chart temporarily becomes position absolute?
- the chart container temp becomes pos abs?
- could persist this way through mouse down/up, to keep the effect from jumping during resize?




one day open up to other protocols?











## Done




